hi everyone so today
in this video I would like you
explain how to buy psm credit
by phone by him pass before
to go into detail I would like
first explain to you what is
it's him because even if I guess
most of you know him
already there passes roumégas transfer is a
mobile refund site a little
like star face it's good
that there is the repayment paypal etc it's
much better paid and frankly that
really happy
let's go from tutorial
so how to buy psn credit on
you not if there's nothing simpler you
go to your internet browser that
it is mozilla chrome internet explorer
torch anyhow how did it
visit a bar addressed
hours you type them yoopa this point fr
or passport as you are going to be
brought to the basin site
once this is done if you have a
it's good if you do not have one
it's okay you're going to open a
account and you will fill in the
informations requested
once this if you go on
to validate my registration you will click
on top you normally receive
animated on your mailboxes I
invite you to go there and click on
the activation link that you will be
provided in libé
once this is done you tighten on
connect
hugo connects laugh
you will then head to the
shop and video games
you will then choose the card
that you need while that of 5
euros you will need 4 euros 91 from
balances that pass for ten days
it will take 9 80 and for that of mario
will need 19 70
I'm talking about psn cards but it's
exactly the same for six cards
boxes for quarters figure people
for steam cards it's exactly
the same operation is still there
echo video game we can be sure the
internet service go there hire from
minecraft server
there are plenty of things even sales
mostly holiday credit
once you have chosen your
psn card that suits you and that you
have kawa 000 euros of liu balance because
will enter to add funds and
country where you live for me it's
France so we will go on
Metropolitan France
we saw that for a psl card of
five bodies needed 4 euros 91.2 soil do
So you go to make 80 91 of soil
do you pass we would need a formula
who credits
over 80 91 so we will take
the fault formula does not want
once you have found your
formula you have on the little button
with a little flaw on it
there will appear a page on this page
is communicated to you several
quite important information like the
number to call
the number of times that he will p
and the amount that will be credited will be everything
to help that means your soil and the
amount of deals must be done that wants
to say if you have an unlimited package
does not mean block off the package
which will be charged to you and if you have a
blocked package the under which you will be
read for example for this formula it
should call this number 5 times
at the end of the fifth call you will be
girl give a code
it will take them in here and you
then click on validate
if the code is good there should be
written here trick stuff is valid if he
is not good it will be written like that
thing our stuff is not valid if it
is valid or they would leave these
pages
and you will see pulpit is good that your
balance has been credited with faith
refresh the page and it will appear
once your course floor is it's
the price of your card you will go on
the shop like thaler and video games
you will choose the card you wish
buy and you will click on discover
the product sheet
once this is done you should be on
the payment page of the card above
you will need to provide the number of cards
that you want more - and the email from
receipt of the ticket
as explained below the code
will appear on your screen
automatically after the purchase but you
will also receive the code in your
email inbox
ie the receipt email of the
ticket if you do not have one yet
click on add address
you enter your address you click
to add
once all the steps do you
click on country with may cry I can not
unfortunately not show you but
after the hour the payment you will be
redirected to a page where will
communicated the code on the page and on
lee but
here it is finished for the tutorial for
how to buy a psn card with cuba
I was really happy to
introduce my tutorial and I tell you to
soon